In this concept, we will learn about what are
tokens and how to create tokens on a blockchain network.
Now, to understand tokens,
we need to understand what are token contracts.
Essentially, a token contract is a smart contract that
contains a mapping of account addresses and their balances.
The balance can represent anything of value not just necessarily Ether.
It will represent a value that is defined by the contract creator.
So, balances can be used to represent physical objects
or monetary value or some kind of license or any other asset.
The unit of this balance is commonly called a token.
Once you write a token contract,
then it gets deployed on the network.
These token contracts have some standards that
need to be followed to be a standardized token.
ERC stands for Ethereum Request for Comments.
Now, these are technical documents that are used
by smart contract developers at Ethereum.
They define a set of rules required to implement the tokens for the theorem ecosystem.
It makes standardization easy since
everyone knows what functions the token contract will have.